minor update to series-woh docs (#7481)
opencast/opencast: docs/guides/admin/docs/workflowoperationhandlers/series-woh.md

|------------------|-------|-----------|-------------|
|series            |`0d06537e-09d3-420c-8314-a21e45c5d032`      |The optional series identifier. If empty the current series of the medipackage will be taken.||
|attach            |`creativecommons/*,dublincore/*`            |The flavors of the series catalogs to attach to the mediapackage.||

> |apply-acl         |`true`                                      |Whether the ACL should be applied or not. Note: Existing episode ACLs may still influence the effective permissions depending on merge rules in `etc/org.opencastproject.authorization.xacml.XACMLAuthorizationService.cfg`.|`false`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|apply-acl         |`true`                                      |Whether the ACL should be applied or not. Note: Existing episode ACLs may still influence the effective permissions depending on [merge rules](../../configuration/acl/#series-and-episode-rules).|`false`|
```

Reviewer: Let's link the relevant rules rather than making people find them!

Author: not sure why i didn't do that myself... haha
thanks!
